Update sns.md (#1526)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/amazon-aws/sns.md

1. Configure a [Hosted Collector](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/configure-hosted-collector).
2. Configure an [Amazon CloudWatch Source for Metrics](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/amazon-aws/amazon-cloudwatch-source-metrics) or [AWS Kinesis Firehose for Metrics Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/amazon-aws/aws-kinesis-firehose-metrics-source) (Recommended).
3. Namespaces. Select **aws/sns**.

> 4. **Metadata**: Add an **account** field to the source and assign it a value which is a friendly name / alias to your AWS account from which you are collecting metrics. This name will appear in the Sumo Logic Explorer View. Metrics can be queried via the “account field”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Metadata**: Add an **account** field to the source and assign it a value that is a friendly name/alias to your AWS account from which you are collecting metrics. This name will appear in the Sumo Logic Explorer View. The **account** field allows you to query metrics.
```

> <img src={useBaseUrl('https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Amazon-SNS/Metadata%2Baccount.png')} alt="Metadata" />

Reviewer 2: These are marked steps 3. and 4., but the step after says 3...

Reviewer 2: @nmohantyctr took care of this PR for you

    * **Path Expression**. Enter the string that matches the S3 objects you'd like to collect. You can use a wildcard (*) in this string.
      * DO NOT use a [leading forward slash](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/amazon-aws/Amazon-Path-Expressions).
      * The S3 bucket name is not part of the path. Don’t include the bucket name when you are setting the Path Expression.
    * **Source Category**. Enter a source category. For example, enter aws/observability/CloudTrail/logs.
    * **Fields**. Add an account field and assign it a value that is a friendly name/alias to your AWS account from which you are collecting logs. This name will appear in the Sumo Logic Explorer View. Logs can be queried using the **account** field. <br/> <img src={useBaseUrl('https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Amazon-SNS/Fields.png')} alt="Fields" />

> 3. Click **Save**.

Reviewer 2: Did you mean to paste this step here? Steps are ordered 1, 3, 2.

Reviewer 2: @nmohantyctr took care of this PR for you

>     * **Access Key ID and Secret Access Key**. Enter your Amazon [Access Key ID and Secret Access Key](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSGettingStartedGuide/AWSCredentials.html). Learn how to use Role-based access to AWS [here](https://help.sumologic.com/03Send-Data/Sources/02Sources-for-Hosted-Collectors/Amazon-Web-Services/AWS_Sources).

Reviewer 2: Please fix legacy docs URL

Reviewer 2: @nmohantyctr took care of this PR for you

>     * **Access Key ID and Secret Access Key**. Enter your Amazon [Access Key ID and Secret Access Key](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSGettingStartedGuide/AWSCredentials.html). Learn how to use Role-based access to AWS [here](https://help.sumologic.com/03Send-Data/Sources/02Sources-for-Hosted-Collectors/Amazon-Web-Services/AWS_Sources).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * **Access Key ID and Secret Access Key**. Enter your Amazon [Access Key ID and Secret Access Key](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSGettingStartedGuide/AWSCredentials.html). Learn how to use Role-based access to AWS [here](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/amazon-aws).
```

    * **Path Expression**. Enter the string that matches the S3 objects you'd like to collect. You can use a wildcard (*) in this string.
      * DO NOT use a [leading forward slash](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/amazon-aws/Amazon-Path-Expressions).
      * The S3 bucket name is not part of the path. Don’t include the bucket name when you are setting the Path Expression.
    * **Source Category**. Enter a source category. For example, enter aws/observability/CloudTrail/logs.

>     * **Fields**. Add an account field and assign it a value that is a friendly name/alias to your AWS account from which you are collecting logs. This name will appear in the Sumo Logic Explorer View. Logs can be queried via the “account" field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Fields**. Add an account field and assign it a value that is a friendly name/alias to your AWS account from which you are collecting logs. This name will appear in the Sumo Logic Explorer View. Logs can be queried using the **account** field.
```

>     * **Fields**. Add an account field and assign it a value that is a friendly name/alias to your AWS account from which you are collecting logs. This name will appear in the Sumo Logic Explorer View. Logs can be queried using the **account** field.
> <img src={useBaseUrl('https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Amazon-SNS/Fields.png')} alt="Fields" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * **Fields**. Add an account field and assign it a value that is a friendly name/alias to your AWS account from which you are collecting logs. This name will appear in the Sumo Logic Explorer View. Logs can be queried using the **account** field. <br/> <img src={useBaseUrl('https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Amazon-SNS/Fields.png')} alt="Fields" />
```

3. Click **Save**.
    * **Access Key ID and Secret Access Key**. Enter your Amazon [Access Key ID and Secret Access Key](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSGettingStartedGuide/AWSCredentials.html). Learn how to use Role-based access to AWS [here](https://help.sumologic.com/03Send-Data/Sources/02Sources-for-Hosted-Collectors/Amazon-Web-Services/AWS_Sources).
    * **Log File Discovery -> Scan Interval**. Use the default of 5 minutes. Alternately, enter the frequency. Sumo Logic will scan your S3 bucket for new data. Learn how to configure Log File Discovery [here](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/amazon-aws/aws-sources).
    * **Enable Timestamp Parsing**. Select the check box.
    * **Time Zone**. Select Ignore time zone from log file and instead use, and select UTC.

>     * **Timestamp Format**. Select Automatically detect the format.

Reviewer: Can you please recheck this step?  It doesn't convey the correct instructions to me.

Reviewer 2: +1  @nmohantyctr , created Asana ticket for you to address this

```

## Centralized AWS CloudTrail Log Collection
In case, you have a centralized collection of CloudTrail logs and are ingesting them from all accounts into a single Sumo Logic CloudTrail log source, create the following **Field Extraction Rule** to map a proper AWS account(s) friendly name/alias. Create it if not already present or update it as required.

* **Rule Name**: AWS Accounts
* **Applied at**: Ingest Time

> * **Scope (Specific Data)**: _sourceCategory=aws/observability/cloudtrail/logs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Scope (Specific Data)**: `_sourceCategory=aws/observability/cloudtrail/logs`
```

```

## Centralized AWS CloudTrail Log Collection

> In case you have a centralized collection of CloudTrail logs and are ingesting them from all accounts into a single Sumo Logic CloudTrail log source, create the following **Field Extraction Rule** to map a proper AWS account(s) friendly name/alias. Create it if not already present/update it as required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case, you have a centralized collection of CloudTrail logs and are ingesting them from all accounts into a single Sumo Logic CloudTrail log source, create the following **Field Extraction Rule** to map a proper AWS account(s) friendly name/alias. Create it if not already present or update it as required.
```

> In case you have a centralized collection of CloudTrail logs and are ingesting them from all accounts into a single Sumo Logic CloudTrail log source, create the following **Field Extraction Rule** to map a proper AWS account(s) friendly name/alias. Create it if not already present/update it as required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have a centralized collection of CloudTrail logs and are ingesting them from all accounts into a single Sumo Logic CloudTrail log source, create the following **Field Extraction Rule** to map a proper AWS account(s) friendly name/alias. Create it if not already present/update it as required.
```

> * **Rule Name**: AWS Accounts

Reviewer: We should describe these fields.

Reviewer: @nmohantyctr : It's important to describe these fields.

Reviewer 2: created asana ticket for you, @nmohantyctr https://app.asana.com/0/1183741177809740/1204058079587177
